Welcome to the cuckoo path planning project.
In this project, you'll build software to move an object through
a maze with an industrial six degrees of freedom cuckoo robotic arm.
First, you'll run your project in a gazebo simulator here in the classroom.
You'll use path planning algorithms to figure out which moves the arm should
make in order to get from a starting point of the maze to the goal.
You'll use the robotic operating system or ROS to interface with the simulation robot.
Once you've got your algorithm working in the simulator,
you can submit to the hardware phase of
the project where you will have the opportunity to watch your code
run on a real cuckoo arm located at the KIT robot learning lab in Germany.
Your objective is to build an efficient path planning algorithm
that can solve the maze no matter what start and goal poses are given,
and to get to that solution as quickly as possible.
In this lesson, you'll receive an overview of the project and we'll
introduce some supplemental materials to help you with ROS and path planning.
Let's get started.